Updates on components.rst (#5410)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/nlu/components.rst

:Outputs: Nothing
:Requires: Nothing
:Description:
    Initializes MITIE structures. Every MITIE component relies on this,
    hence this should be put at the beginning

>     of every pipeline that uses any MITIE components.

Reviewer: What happens if you forget to specify this? Do you get an error?

Author: Yes. If a required component is not in your pipeline, you will get an error pointing you to the missing component.

     .. note:: To use ``HFTransformersNLP`` component, install Rasa Open Source with ``pip install rasa[transformers]``.

:Configuration:
    You should specify what language model to load via the parameter ``model_name``. See the below table for the
    available language models.
    Additionally, you can also specify the the architecture variation of the chosen language model by specifying the
    parameter ``model_weights``.
    The full list of supported architectures can be found

>     `here <https://huggingface.co/transformers/pretrained_models.html>`__.

Reviewer 2: @Ghostvv We support all models that we show in our list of supported language model tables(https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/1fa841c4a1e3a4ad178f7cf05c619184eded42e1/docs/nlu/components.rst#hftransformersnlp). The link is for pointing the developer to the table which lists all model variants of each language model.

     .. note:: To use ``HFTransformersNLP`` component, install Rasa Open Source with ``pip install rasa[transformers]``.

:Configuration:
    You should specify what language model to load via the parameter ``model_name``. See the below table for the
    available language models.

>     Additionally, you can also specify the the architecture variation of the chosen language model by specifying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, you can also specify the architecture variation of the chosen language model by specifying the
```

    See `sklearn's CountVectorizer docs <http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_extraction.text.CountVectorizer.html>`_
    for detailed description of the configuration parameters.

    This featurizer can be configured to use word or character n-grams, using the ``analyzer`` configuration parameter.
    By default ``analyzer`` is set to ``word`` so word token counts are used as features.
    If you want to use character n-grams, set ``analyzer`` to ``char`` or ``char_wb``.
    The lower and upper boundaries of the n-grams can be configured via the parameters ``min_ngram`` and ``max_ngram``.
    By default both of them are set to ``1``.

    .. note::
        Option ``char_wb`` creates character n-grams only from text inside word boundaries;
        n-grams at the edges of words are padded with space.
        This option can be used to create `Subword Semantic Hashing <https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.07150>`_.

> 

Author: yes

        .. note::
            Providing ``OOV_words`` is optional, training data can contain ``OOV_token`` input manually or by custom
            additional preprocessor.
            Unseen words will be substituted with ``OOV_token`` **only** if this token is present in the training
            data or ``OOV_words`` list is provided.

    If you want to share the vocabulary between user messages and intents, you need to set the option
    ``use_shared_vocab`` to ``True``. In that case a common vocabulary set between tokens in intents and user messages
    is build.

    .. code-block:: yaml

        pipeline:
        - name: "CountVectorsFeaturizer"
          # Analyzer to use, either 'word', 'char', or 'char_wb'
          "analyzer": "word"
          # Set the lower and upper boundaries for the n-grams
          "min_ngram": 1
          "max_ngram": 1
          # Set the out-of-vocabulary token
          "OOV_token": "_oov_"
          # Whether to use a shared vocab
          "use_shared_vocab": False

    .. container:: toggle

        .. container:: header

            The above configuration parameters are the ones you most likely gonna change.

>             However, additional parameters exists that can be adapted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            The above configuration parameters are the ones you should configure to fit your model to your data.
            However, additional parameters exist that can be adapted.
```
too much? let's change this everywhere when we decide what to say

Reviewer 3: This is my last open comment -- regardless of how we want to phrase this, in the 3 places we say this we should change
`gonna` -> `going to`
`exists` -> `exist`

I thought it was weird to say that someone is "most likely going to change" something, cause we have no idea what the'll do, but we can also leave it like that as long as the grammar is fixed 🤷‍♀️

>         .. code-block:: none

Reviewer 3: Maybe even something like 

However, additional parameters exists that can be adapted. *(click to expand)*

          Sometimes the model needs more epochs to properly learn.
          Sometimes more epochs don't influence the performance.
          The lower the number of epochs the faster the model is trained.
        - ``hidden_layers_sizes``:
          This parameter allows you to define the number of feed forward neural network layers and their output
          dimensions for user messages and intents (default: ``text: [], label: []``).
          Every entry in the list corresponds to a feed forward neural network layer.
          For example, if you set ``text: [256, 128]``, we will add two feed forward neural network layers in front of
          the transformer. The vectors of the input tokens (coming from the user message) will be passed on to those
          layers. The first layer will have an output dimension of 256 and the second layer will have an output
          dimension of 128. If an empty list is used (default behaviour), no feed forward neural network layer will be
          added.
          Make sure to use only positive integer values. Usually, numbers of power of two are used. Also, the integer

>           values in a list should decrease, values in the list should be smaller or equal the value before.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
          Also, it is usual practice to have decreasing values in the list: next value is smaller or equal to the value before.
```

            However, additional parameters exists that can be adapted.

        .. code-block:: none

         +---------------------------------+------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
         | Parameter                       | Default Value    | Description                                                  |
         +=================================+==================+==============================================================+
         | hidden_layers_sizes             | text: [256, 128] | Hidden layer sizes for layers before the embedding layers    |
         |                                 | label: []        | for user messages and labels. The number of hidden layers is |
         |                                 |                  | equal to the length of the corresponding.                    |
         +---------------------------------+------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------+
         | share_hidden_layers             | False            | Whether to share the hidden layer weights between user       |

>          |                                 |                  | messages and labels.                                          |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
         |                                 |                  | messages and labels.                                         |
```

    .. note:: If during prediction time a message contains **only** words unseen during training
              and no Out-Of-Vacabulary preprocessor was used, an empty response ``None`` is predicted with confidence
              ``0.0``. This might happen if you only use the :ref:`CountVectorsFeaturizer` with a ``word`` analyzer
              as featurizer. If you use the ``char_wb`` analyzer, you should always get a response with a confidence
              value ``> 0.0``.

:Configuration:

    The algorithm includes almost all the hyperparameters that :ref:`diet-classifier` uses.
    If you want to adapt your model, start by modifying the following parameters:

        - ``epochs``:
          This parameter sets the number of times the algorithm will see the training data (default: ``300``).
          One ``epoch`` is equals to one forward pass and one backward pass of all the training examples.
          Sometimes the model needs more epochs to properly learn.
          Sometimes more epochs don't influence the performance.
          The lower the number of epochs the faster the model is trained.
        - ``hidden_layers_sizes``:

>           This parameter allows you to define the number of feed forward neural network layers and their output

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
          This parameter allows you to define the number of feed forward layers and their output
```

          dimensions for user messages and intents (default: ``text: [], label: []``).

>           Every entry in the list corresponds to a feed forward neural network layer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
          Every entry in the list corresponds to a feed forward layer.
```

>           For example, if you set ``text: [256, 128]``, we will add two feed forward neural network layers in front of

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
          For example, if you set ``text: [256, 128]``, we will add two feed forward layers in front of
```

          the transformer. The vectors of the input tokens (coming from the user message) will be passed on to those
          layers. The first layer will have an output dimension of 256 and the second layer will have an output
          dimension of 128. If an empty list is used (default behaviour), no feed forward neural network layer will be
          added.
          Make sure to use only positive integer values. Usually, numbers of power of two are used. Also, the integer

>           values in a list should decrease, values in the list should be smaller or equal the value before.

Reviewer 4: same as for embedding intent classifier

    neural network architecture and optimization as the :ref:`diet-classifier`.

    .. note:: If during prediction time a message contains **only** words unseen during training
              and no Out-Of-Vacabulary preprocessor was used, an empty response ``None`` is predicted with confidence
              ``0.0``. This might happen if you only use the :ref:`CountVectorsFeaturizer` with a ``word`` analyzer
              as featurizer. If you use the ``char_wb`` analyzer, you should always get a response with a confidence
              value ``> 0.0``.

:Configuration:

    The algorithm includes almost all the hyperparameters that :ref:`diet-classifier` uses.

>     If you want to adapt your model, start by modifying the following parameters:

Reviewer 3: The descriptions of the ones to modify are super helpful!

        pipeline:
        - name: "CRFEntityExtractor"
            # BILOU_flag determines whether to use BILOU tagging or not.
            "BILOU_flag": True
            # features to extract in the sliding window

>             "features": [

Reviewer 3: I think we need to un-tab "bilou_flag" and "features" to match where "name" is

            # weight of the L2 regularization
            "L2_c": 0.1

    .. note::
        If POS features are used (pos or pos2), you need to have ``SpacyTokenizer`` in your pipeline.

    .. note::
        If "pattern" features are used, you need to have ``RegexFeaturizer`` in your pipeline.

> 

Reviewer 3: code-format `"pos"` `"pos2"`, `"pattern"`

:Configuration:

    You can define a number of hyperparameters to adapt the model.

>     If you want to adapt your model, start by modifying the following parameters:

Author: @Ghostvv What parameters do you think users should modify first when adapting the model?

Reviewer 4: epochs

Reviewer 4: number of transformer layers,
transformer_size,
hidden_layers_sizes,
embedding_dimension

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure

Author: yeah, also not sure, will add 
transformer_size,
hidden_layers_sizes,
embedding_dimension
thanks

Reviewer 4: let's also put `number of transformer layers` in there, that's the parameter that people probably are most familiar with

Author: is already in there, just updated

:Configuration:

    If you want to use the ``DIETClassifier`` just for intent classification, set ``entity_recognition`` to ``False``.
    If you want to do only entity recognition, set ``intent_classification`` to ``False``.
    By default ``DIETClassifier`` is doing both, i.e. ``entity_recognition`` and ``intent_classification`` is set to
    ``True``.

    You can define a number of hyperparameters to adapt the model.
    If you want to adapt your model, start by modifying the following parameters:

        - ``epochs``:
          This parameter sets the number of times the algorithm will see the training data (default: ``300``).
          One ``epoch`` is equals to one forward pass and one backward pass of all the training examples.
          Sometimes the model needs more epochs to properly learn.
          Sometimes more epochs don't influence the performance.
          The lower the number of epochs the faster the model is trained.
        - ``hidden_layers_sizes``:

>           This parameter allows you to define the number of feed forward neural network layers and their output

Reviewer 4: `feed forward neural network layers` should be changed to `feed forward layers`.
`network` here would be confusing

          dimensions for user messages and intents (default: ``text: [], label: []``).
          Every entry in the list corresponds to a feed forward neural network layer.
          For example, if you set ``text: [256, 128]``, we will add two feed forward neural network layers in front of
          the transformer. The vectors of the input tokens (coming from the user message) will be passed on to those
          layers. The first layer will have an output dimension of 256 and the second layer will have an output
          dimension of 128. If an empty list is used (default behaviour), no feed forward neural network layer will be
          added.
          Make sure to use only positive integer values. Usually, numbers of power of two are used. Also, the integer

>           values in a list should decrease, values in the list should be smaller or equal the value before.

Reviewer 4: same as in embedding intent classifier

:Configuration:

    If you want to use the ``DIETClassifier`` just for intent classification, set ``entity_recognition`` to ``False``.
    If you want to do only entity recognition, set ``intent_classification`` to ``False``.

>     By default ``DIETClassifier`` is doing both, i.e. ``entity_recognition`` and ``intent_classification`` is set to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    By default ``DIETClassifier`` does both, i.e. ``entity_recognition`` and ``intent_classification`` are set to
```
